#coursework 
## What questions did you ask and why?
I was interested in questions about the steps I should be taking to improve my portfolio: whether I should consider a PhD; improving interview skills; or if a placement year is better than a master's. I want to know what I should be doing to make myself stand out in the field. I was also interested in the questions regarding the future of the field as a whole, in particular all the questions about AI and LLMs. All the speakers who talked about it gave insightful answers, but I thought Kirstie Galloway had the most thoughtful answers, given that she works with it in a finance context, so she has to think about its security and avoid using it in ways commonly used in other sectors. I found questions about typical workdays interesting too, since the job market is so vast that its hard to visualise what a particular role's responsibilities would be: the interviews helped shed light on that, and how even in one role, every day looks different.
## What have I learnt and what have I most enjoyed?
I ended up learning a lot from the interviews: I learnt about how AI has impacted each sector recently, the different routes into the field and just how much everyone recommends networking. Most importantly for me though was learning about what I want to do in the next few years. The speakers all valued internships and the experience and networking opportunities that they bring, and they're also another way to learn about which sector you want to go into: that's something that I want to do in the future. I learnt that I want to stay on for a master's degree: I am really interested in quantum computing, even though its still developing technology, after doing online courses and a bit of quantum programming  myself. I now know that a master's would probably help more than a placement year if I want to eventually reach a job in that field as a goal. Its less easy to say if a PhD would help, given that computer science could look completely different in 4 years time. As for what I enjoyed, "how much money do you make" was a great question.
## What job/industry am I most interested in working in?
Nearly all the speakers had moved towards higher level roles and away from actual programming: which is what I want to do right now. I think any field involving software development is something I am interested in doing. Right now I'm most interested in game development though, since it offers a good blend between development and art, which I like doing outside of computer science, and still preserves the routes into higher-level leadership positions. I do want to take on board the advice about shifting roles or positions every few years though, so I would like to see myself jumping around different places with an eventual goal of working in the quantum field.
## How will I achieve that role?
I think I'v already made a good start on game development - I have made a Github organisation with a few people, where we make open-sourced games built on Unity. I also start new project fairly often, and I make sure I'm always trying to keep up with new developments. In the next term, I want to put time into a split between open-source contribution, to learn that workflow, and in learning more about game development, in particular shifting away from Unity and their recent bad business practices. In terms of moving towards quantum computing or roles surrounding LLM development, I can only keep my knowledge up to date and wait for my chance to study their modules here.